1. AMA With CyberMiles’ Co-Founder and Chief Scientist

Leading up to DeveloperWeek in Austin, Texas, CyberMiles’ Dr. Michael Yuan sat down with Wilson Wei, Lino Network’s CEO, for an interview via dlive.tv.‬ The main topic of conversation? Second State.

According to Dr. Yuan:

"CyberMiles is a public blockchain, [while] Second State is a technology company behind it. It’s like Ethereum backed by ConsenSys technology company. [Or like] Polkadot is to Parity. Some people may ask: Why? Why do you need a technology company behind a public blockchain? Why not just develop [within] the CyberMiles Foundation? The reason here is the competition between public blockchains. One of the thing that we want to do is to promote our developer tools and toolchain, with our toolchain to be availble to be used by others. Other blockchains in the future can use to develop DAPPs and can be integrated with CyberMiles blockchain better."

"That’s why we incubated Second State, the technology company. Second State has received $3 million from VC funds (led by SIG). Now we are cooperating with Ethereum, Ethereum Classic and also other blockchains."

With our blockchain virtual machine, all you need is a web browser — no wallets, no software download! Learn more at https://www.secondstate.io/buidl, and be sure to follow us on Twitter for further updates: https://twitter.com/cybermiles.

2. CyberMiles’ Korean Community Continues to Flourish

The CyberMiles community in Korea, particularly on Telegram, remains extraordinarily active, ranking sixth among 200+ blockchain projects today.

To join our Korean Telegram community at https://t.me/CyberMilesKR.

3. Most Popular Blockchain Influencers: Top Crypto Experts of the Year

From the 2009 inception of Bitcoin to the 2013 breakout for cryptocurrency, blockchain technology has taken the financial world by storm. After awareness, adoption seems to be the next big frontier.

With the emergence of “programmable money,” who are the movers and shakers likely to lead us into the future? See the full list at https://masterthecrypto.com/influencers/#Dr_Michael_Yuan.

4. Easier, faster “dapps” on the Ethereum Classic blockchain

Ethereum, the world’s first and dominant smart contract platform, has the largest dapp ecosystem with more than a million deployed smart contracts and hundreds of millions of dollars in monthly transactions. But recently, the Ethereum blockchain is operating near its capacity.

Ethereum founder Vitalik Buterin has acknowledged this fact, which makes Ethereum Classic, the original Ethereum blockchain, an appealing choice for dapp developers.

However, there is a dearth of developer tools on Ethereum Classic. Most dapp developer tools are optimized for the Ethereum blockchain. But what about the barrier(s) of entry? Can gas fees, for example, be waived for users? (Answer: in some cases, yes.) For gas-free dapps, you potentially could use Second State’s “DevChain” (for development and demonstration only), or CyberMiles’ public blockchain. For instance:

- DevChain tutorial for the voting dapp: https://docs.secondstate.io/buidl-developer-tool/demo-a-voting-dapp/devchain
- CyberMiles tutorial for the voting dapp: https://docs.secondstate.io/buidl-developer-tool/demo-a-voting-dapp/cybermiles

With tools like BUIDL for ETC, it’s now a breeze to develop and deploy dapps on the Ethereum Classic blockchain. All you need is a modern web browser and a little ETC to pay for network operations. Learn more at https://hackernoon.com/easier-and-faster-dapps-on-the-ethereum-classic-blockchain-r9qn34a7.

5. ICYMI: Building Blockchain Apps by CyberMiles’ Dr. Michael Yuan — Now Available

Blockchain represents one of the most promising opportunities for developers to succeed. The new book, Building Blockchain Apps, by CyberMiles’ chief scientist Dr. Michael Yuan, is a comprehensive guide to today’s most advanced, robust blockchain programming models and architectures.

The good news? It’s now for sale. In fact, you can find Dr. Yuan’s book on Amazon: https://www.amazon.com/Building-Blockchain-Apps-Michael-Yuan/dp/0135172322
