1. CyberMiles presents at Devcon5, the year’s most prestigious blockchain technology conference

In Osaka, Japan for this month’s Devcon5, CyberMiles’ development team was invited to give a presentation about CyberMiles’ Lity programming language. The Ethereum-compatible CyberMiles virtual machine is the only public blockchain execution engine that supports Lity, a formal rules language for smart contracts. This is a milestone in CyberMiles’ continued growth and development. Go to https://blog.cybermiles.io/post/20191002-cybermilesdevcon5-en for a recap.

2. From Osaka to San Francisco to Vancouver, CyberMiles developers represents

In addition to Devcon5, CyberMiles’ co-founder Dr. Michael Yuan spoke and presented at Blockchain Bridge in San Francisco. He talked about new virtual machine technologies and developer tools that are first available on the CyberMiles public blockchain.

The CyberMiles team also was on hand at the ETC summit in Vancouver to discuss the possible cooperation on the next generation virtual machine. Why is this so significant? Because Ethereum is the largest and most robust blockchain ecosystem in the world.

Follow us on Twitter (http://twitter.com/cybermiles) to keep tabs on all of our whereabouts.

3. The state — and benefits — of A.I. in real estate: CyberMiles’ co-founder weighs in

Will there be a day when robots, or computers alone, process a major real estate transaction, or even a minor one? According to Dr. Michael Yuan:

"The days of PDFs and electronic signatures for real estate and other legal documents are going by the wayside. Advanced rules and machine learning techniques also mean that algorithms now can detect — and prevent — security lapses. They’re upending slow, laborious processing while improving the efficiency and error rate of real estate transactions moving forward."

"Imagine a real estate deal that automatically concludes once your bank electronically uploads proper documentation of your loan. So-called 'smart contract'-based applications that immutably, transparently perform routine tasks (like closing on a property) not only may render title companies obsolete, but also could represent a significant cost- and time-savings for accounting and finance depts."

Read more expert insights at http://disruptordaily.com.

4. Coming soon: Building Blockchain Apps by CyberMiles’ own Dr. Michael Yuan

Blockchain development is in a period of explosive growth, as applications gain traction across multiple industries and cryptocurrencies earn acceptance throughout the financial sector. Blockchain represents one of the most promising opportunities for developers to succeed. Building Blockchain Apps is a comprehensive guide to today’s most advanced, robust blockchain programming models and architectures.

A Developer’s Guide to Programming Fundamentals 
Based on pioneering experience, Michael Yuan covers blockchain application development paradigms. His book offers a concise introduction to smart contract technologies, then guides you through application development on Ethereum:

- How to build an application-specific smart contract protocol by modifying and customizing the open source Ethereum virtual machine and its programming language tools
- How to customize and change the blockchain consensus layer beneath the application layer via the popular Tendermint and Cosmos SDK frameworks
- How to extend and support language features that are most suitable for particular kinds of smart contracts (such as for e-commerce marketplaces) with the open source Lity project

Building Blockchain Apps is set to be published this year by Addison-Wesley. It’s a comprehensive guide that developers can use to incorporate blockchain technology into existing and future applications. You can pre-order it today from Amazon and InformIT: http://www.informit.com/store/building-blockchain-apps-9780135172322

5. ICYMI: Bounty celebrating the anniversary of CyberMiles’ MainNet launch going on now

To commemorate the one-year anniversary of our MainNet launch, CyberMiles is having a one-week bounty program: 30,000 CyberMiles Tokens. To take part in the bounty, which ends Oct. 23, join the WeBounty platform and download or enter your CyberMiles app address.

Learn more at https://blog.cybermiles.io/post/20191015-cybermiles1yearbounty-en.
