1. New version of the CyberMiles app is now available

Ahead of rolling out our new decentralized C2C marketplace, we’ve released the latest version of the CyberMiles app. Improving on the CMT Wallet, this version lets users not only manage assets but also now browse applications on CyberMiles’ public blockchain.

With the CyberMiles app, you can:

- Earn: Stake your CMT to earn more and participate in governance
- Win: Participate in FairPlay e-commerce product giveaways
- Manage: Deposit, store and manage your CMT assets safely
- Transfer: Transfer your digital assets quickly, safely and free
- Buy/sell: Buy and sell products via our decentralized marketplace (TBA)
- Play: Explore other “DApps” on the CyberMiles blockchain

Have you tried out the current staking feature? If not, go to app.cybermiles.io to download the CyberMiles app today.

2. Second State, from the creators of CyberMiles, gets Series A funding

Second State is a provider of turn-key blockchain technology solutions for businesses. This new venture, which develops smart contracts that are completely open source, programmable by enterprise customers, optimized for business use cases, and supported by commercial service agreements, has caught the attention of leading venture capitalists, several of whom (SIG, Ethereum Classic Lab, etc.) have invested in it — to the tune of $3 million in Series A funding. 

Learn more about this developement at siliconangle.com.

3. Alternative reality: China (and Russia) might be Libra’s refuge

When Facebook published its Libra white paper in June, the company seemed fairly optimistic. The project came with a mission of humanitarian goodness— banking the unbanked, lowering the cost of remittances, and enabling access to more efficient financial services for all. But then the regulators pounced.

Even without Libra, regulators could continue to ride the crypto wave and create regulations for the industry, with the possibility that nationally-backed digital currencies could come to fruition. China, however, is a special case. According to CyberMiles’ co-founder, Dr. Michael Yuan:

Neither the Chinese government nor state-supported Chinese companies like WeChat want an RMB competitor, which works just fine in China.

This may be why the Chinese government won’t permit companies like AliPay and WeChat to create cryptocurrencies or their own.
WeChat has a widely-used mobile payment system in China. It is digital RMB. Therefore, there’s no real need for WeChat to issue another currency for payment.

In short, so far there hasn’t been much desire for the use of native cryptos in Chinese payment apps from any end. Learn more at financemagnates.com.

4. Internet of Things: Three real-world smart contract use cases prove the benefits of blockchain

Blockchain-based smart contracts may render third-party intermediaries, such as credit card processors, one day obsolete. Dr. Lucas Lu, one of CyberMiles’ co-founders, notes that there’s a push-pull now at play:

Despite certain political and institutional resistance to decentralization…there’s extraordinary potential for blockchain technology and smart contracts to transform entire industries and economies. [This is] especially true in less developed or emerging economies with “nothing to lose.”

Today, real-world companies are testing IoT smart contracts and finding value in various industries, from entertainment to utilities to advertising. For more, visit internetofthingsagenda.techtarget.com.

Revisit this month’s CyberMiles newsletter to read more: https://medium.com/cybermiles/going-the-extra-mile-august-2019-28d18894715e
