Announcements

CyberMiles focuses on e-commerce “DApp” development in Q3 2019

Those who follow CyberMiles’ development progress on GitHub may notice that the peer-to-peer marketplace code repository is active, with code updated frequently. In fact, decentralized e-commerce software has been tested on CyberMiles’ TestNet for over a month. Keep tabs on our roadmap via https://www.cybermiles.io/en-us/about-us/roadmap.

Validator program update: TISS becomes latest validator, CyberMiles’ strategic partner

TokenInsight Staking Service (TISS) is entering a strategic partnership with CyberMiles, focused on data collaboration, community governance, and ecosystem development.

Building on this collaboration, TISS also is slated to run validator nodes for multiple Proof-of-Stake blockchains, joining in the effort to secure and grow the PoS ecosystem. For more information, visit https://blog.cybermiles.io/post/20190902-cybermiles-staking-en.

What is the purpose of our validators? Well, validators are responsible for maintaining crucial network infrastructure, and for making rule changes and governance decisions on behalf of delegators. Learn more about the program at https://www.cybermiles.io/validator.

CyberMiles introduces version 3.2 of the app, now enhanced with additional features

After weeks of testing, CyberMiles has released a new version of the app, close on the heels of last month’s version update. With version 3.2, smart contracts cost 0 gas and 0 CMT, and can be executed without requiring a password.

Download the CyberMiles app today via https://app.cybermiles.io.

Community Vote results in a fixed block reward of each new block on CyberMiles

CMT holders, the CyberMiles Foundation initiated a recent Community Vote. The purpose? Whether to change CyberMiles’ DPoS blockchain inflation mechanism to a fixed amount per block. The result? The block reward of each new block on CyberMiles will be fixed at 25.36783 CMT, replacing the 8% annual inflation rate. The implication? This will reduce inflation and pressure from the supply side so that long-term inflation therefore will be controlled. Thanks to all who participated and take part in our blockchain governance.

In the News

How Will Brexit Impact the Pound and Demand for Bitcoin?

For the price of crypto, what are the (likely) pros and cons of the U.K.’s leaving the European Union?

The geopolitical turmoil around the globe, with its backdrop of economic uncertainty, certainly has been key in driving the price of Bitcoin higher (and higher, and higher). Is it time to add Brexit now to the list of Bitcoin price boosters? The CyberMiles Foundation’s co-founder suggests:

"The weaker national governments (like the U.K.) are, the better Bitcoin looks in contrast. For instance, the price of Bitcoin in recent days definitely is correlated with the U.S.-China trade war."

The passing of — and fallout from — Brexit in 2016 very well may have influenced the extraordinary run-up of Bitcoin (and other cryptocurrencies) in the year that followed.

"What we’re witnessing now is a burgeoning 'arms race' to become the electronic cash of tomorrow."

Read more of Dr. Yuan’s (and other experts’) insights on the Brexit effect, visit https://insidebitcoins.com/news/how-will-brexit-impact-the-pound-and-demand-for-bitcoin-experts-answer/235347.

Bitcoin Failed as a Payment Method — Do Banks Really Need to Be Afraid of It?

More than a decade has passed since the world’s leading cryptocurrency, Bitcoin, came to the global financial scene, offering the world an alternate payment system, free of bank interference.

But while Bitcoin came forward as a revolutionary financial framework to tackle various problems (such as inflation) associated with centuries-old, debt-based banking system, it has yet to pan out as anything other than a “store of value.” According to CyberMiles’ co-founder and chief scientist:

"[Bitcoin] has not succeeded as a payment system. For banks, however, an e-payment system in step with Bitcoin’s decentralization philosophy represents an opportunity to reduce online payment costs."

If [crypto] is to rival banking in its full glory, the need for it is to integrate itself into the financial system at the deepest level. Per Dr. Yuan:

"The key measure of success is whether Bitcoin or other cryptocurrency can help the poor and unbanked integrate into the world’s financial system."

Read more about which major banks are integrating blockchain already at https://blockpublisher.com/bitcoin-failed-as-payment-method-do-banks-really-need-to-be-afraid-of-it.

What Are the Challenges to Blockchain Adoption in the Banking Industry?

While banks have invested millions, if not billions, into their operational infrastructure, it’s larger institutions that can afford to explore blockchain technology. (Small- and mid-sized banks, by contrast, often don’t have that luxury). When will regulation catch up to decentralization? CyberMiles’ co-founder, Dr. Michael Yuan, posits:

"Regulatory environments, which vary from country to country, represent perhaps the strongest headwind. There still is a fair amount of confusion and fundamental misunderstanding about how blockchain technology can facilitate and improve banking globally — case in point: a fear of money-laundering.

"The mass adoption of blockchain, which can eliminate 'middlemen' — code, rather than humans, will handle many processes — also may encounter resistance, despite the more transparent, efficient and cost-effective benefits."

Read more at https://www.disruptordaily.com/future-of-blockchain-banking.

How Banks Can Become More Effective with Implementation of Blockchain

Speaking of banking, banks and other financial services already have seen significant blockchain adoption (or at least investment), partly due to an ever-growing need for enhanced security and availability of mobile and online banking in emerging markets.

How is blockchain technology being applied in potentially transformative ways?
- To manage customer identity and data privately and safely, while enabling smoother transactions and financial settlements
- To store important financial records in a decentralized network, bringing added privacy and security to banking
- To support a large library of smart contracts that power decentralization of processes, such as dispute resolutions

Read more at https://www.coinratecap.com/blogDetail/how-banks-can-become-more-effective-with-implementation-of-blockchain.
