Announcements

CyberMiles releases beta version of new decentralized marketplace, OpenBay

In a milestone development, a suite of decentralized e-commerce applications has been built on CyberMiles’ public blockchain. Called OpenBay, this purely blockchain-based marketplace is designed to be equitable, censorship-resistant, and privacy-preserving. In fact, every product now or to be listed is enabled via smart contracts. Buying or selling an item on OpenBay is easy with CyberMiles’ recently updated mobile app, or you also can simply install the Venus extension on your Chrome brower. Visit https://www.openbay.io to learn more.

Second State, a CyberMiles-backed blockchain startup, to foster technology solutions with the Krypital Group

Second State, a VC-funded blockchain company incubated by the CyberMiles Foundation, recently announced an alliance with the Krypital Group, which specializes in comprehensive blockchain marketing services. This strategic partnership aims to help traditional companies implement blockchain solutions. Read more about it at https://medium.com/krypital/the-krypital-group-and-the-foundational-blockchain-tech-company-second-state-reached-a-strategic-23f86647435d.

Attention CyberMiles Token holders: Q4 CMT release

The CyberMiles Foundation, which holds a reserve of 200 million CMT, is set to unlock 10% of it (i.e. 20 million CMT) on Dec. 5. This is in accordance with the project white paper that has planned out an orderly, quarterly release on behalf of CyberMiles’ team and partners, including 5miles.

CyberMiles (address: 0x1a14Ec3003C943a0624C7c513D502559c8b1b041) welcomes the supervision of any and all. Learn more at https://blog.cybermiles.io/post/2019-12-03-cmt-release-en.

The CyberMiles team gives thanks with a CMT Cube mega giveaway

2020 is just around the corner, so in the final stretch of this year we’re giving away 15 CMT cubes — three each week for three weeks. Sponsored by SSSNodes, one of CyberMiles’ valued super nodes, this “lucky draw” is made possible via our FairPlay dapp. Go to https://www.fairplaydapp.com/v1/play.html?contract=0x126ad51cd740c056a329d3a765da815d3b9c0d24 in order to participate.

In the News

Facebook Libra vs. data privacy

Facebook’s ambitious plan to operate its own digital currency has garnered plenty of scrutiny from within the international banking system, as well as response from global policymakers. In fact, per the organization that represents the world’s central banks, a central concern is the privacy of financial information, which calls into question Facebook’s credibility of managing a digital currency.

Why? Well, due in part to last year’s Cambridge Analytica scandal, which exposed the data of 87 million users, Facebook does not have a positive track record of securing users’ data and privacy. How critical is the concern about user data? Do the pros of a Libra-type offering outweigh the cons? According to CyberMiles’ co-founder, Dr. Michael Yuan:

"The key measure of success is whether it can help the poor and unbanked integrate into the world’s financial system. Libra coin now wants to become the electronic cash, yet it is not truly peer-to-peer; it’s governed by a coalition of businesses and governments. Nor does it necessarily alleviate privacy concerns, even though the beauty of a distributed ledger technology like blockchain is that decentralization (and encryption) are better for data protection."

Read more insights from Dr. Yuan and other experts at https://fintechzoom.com/fintech-news/uncategorized/facebook-libra-vs-data-privacy.

What’s are the challenges to blockchain adoption in payments? CyberMiles’ co-founder weighs in

Along with stronger information security, mobile payments are becoming more mainstream in both developed countries and emerging economies. According to Dr. Lucas Lu, CyberMiles’ co-founder:

"Globally, many consumers still don’t have credit, [but] the concept of ‘stable coins’ (i.e. fiat-tethered digital currencies) may bridge that cap and introduce e-commerce to more people in more markets."

Though Bitcoin was conceived as “a peer-to-peer electronic cash system” originally, today it is primarily a store of value — i.e. digital gold. That Bitcoin is out of reach of most of the world’s poor is largely why it has not succeeded as a payment system. According to Dr. Lu:

"Newer developments (such as Facebook’s Libra coin) have led to a burgeoning ‘arms race’ to become the electronic cash of tomorrow. Regardless of who — or rather what — wins out, can the poor and unbanked be helped to integrate into the world’s financial system? That will be the key measure of success."

To read more about stable coins and other futuristic solutions in the payments space, visit https://coinratecap.com/en/blogDetail/what-is-a-stablecoin-and-how-does-it-differ-from-other-cryptocurrencies and https://www.disruptordaily.com/blockchain-adoption-challenges-payments-industry.

What’s the future of blockchain in agriculture? Crypto experts share their insights

Did you know that blockchain-powered food tracking could minimize the spread of potentially lethal foodborne illness? Or that it could give farmers greater oversight into their crops and livestock than they’ve ever had? According to CyberMiles’ Dr. Michael Yuan:

"When blockchain was introduced more than 10 years ago, the idea was to be a cryptocurrency for today’s global decentralized economy. Over time, however, improvements in blockchain technology have led to innovations such as better inventory management. Just as data files can be transferred more easily, blockchain can be used for food production, processing and shipping in the marketplace. Not only will this create a more efficient supply chain, it will have ancillary benefits that promise to affect our everyday life."

Read more about the potential of blockchain for the agriculture industry of the future at https://www.disruptordaily.com/future-of-blockchain-in-agriculture.

San Francisco Blockchain Week: AMA with the chief scientist of CyberMiles

DLive.tv hosted an AMA session with Dr. Michael Yuan, CyberMiles’ co-founder and chief scientist (as well as current CEO of Second State), during the 2019 San Francisco Blockchain Week.

'Second State provides the toolchain and execution engines for next-gen software services based on WASM. It’s integrated developer tools have engaged over 1000 new developers. Second State partners with Ethereum, Ethereum Classic and CyberMiles to support decentralized software services on public blockchains. [Additionally, Second State] partners with Qualcomm to embed WASM into chips for more efficient data center-based software services.'

View a clip of the AMA on YouTube: https://youtu.be/OnWpl7B1LWw
